public/documents/post/markdown-post-template.md, before:

---
category: 'tutorial'
title: 'Markdown Post Template'
slug: 'markdown-post-template'
date: 'Dec 29, 2021'
duration: '2 min read'
keywords: ['markdown', 'CSS', 'template', 'tutorial']
excerpt: 'Django is a very powerful, high level Python framework for building web applications'
isFeatured: true
imageSrc: '../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/cover.webp'
readMoreUrl: 'posts/markdown-post-template'
---

_This article will provide a template for most future posts on this site. The goal is to make most posts look styling consistent. As a template, this section usually works an introduction, which explain what this post is about and how audience can get most out of it._

**UPDATE 12/29/2021:** Initial post commit. Update will give audience the latest update of this post. What has been changed or what links has been added. For example, [an empty helpful link](https://www.example.com).

## Basic Syntax

This part lists the elements supported by all Markdown applications.

### 1. Headings

Usage: for post titles, subtitles.

## I am Heading 2

### No. I am Heading 3

### 2. Paragraph

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. **Some strong fonts.** Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### 3. Ordered List

1. Serrae enim Etruscam aquis
2. Et premis et flumine frontem minatur oppressos
3. Inquam rector Icarus possum vim tumulo propiusque

### 4. Unordered List

- Serrae enim Etruscam aquis
- Et premis et flumine frontem minatur oppressos
- Inquam rector Icarus possum vim tumulo propiusque

### 5. Blockquote

> You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. - Dr. Seuss

### 6. Footnote

Here's a sentence with a footnote. [^1]

[^1]: This is the footnote.

### 7. Code Snippet

Inline code example: `<inline code>`; Below is two language examples for code block:

```json
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "age": 25
}
```

```js
// THIS IS A COMMENT EXAMPLE
function createClassNameString(classNames) {
  return classNames.join(' ');
}
```

### 8. Link

Haec Praepes [Link Title](https://www.example.com), in egisse de. Caecisque termanus.

Munere in exhalat, ferre Sed [Another Link Title](https://www.example.com)

### 9. Image

Image: 100% width.

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**image caption**

Image groups

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

### 10. Horizontal Rule

Usage: dividing certain sections.

---

## Extended Syntax

This part lists the elements which extend the basic syntax by adding more features. Note: some elements are not supported by certain Markdown applications.

### 1. Task list

- [ ] to do
- [x] done

### 2. Strikethrough

~~Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Some texts need to be strikethrough. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.~~

### 3. Table

| Syntax    | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| Header    | Title       |
| Paragraph | Text        |

Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Commit message:

Update markdown post template excerpt

public/documents/post/markdown-post-template.md, after:

---
category: 'tutorial'
title: 'Markdown Post Template'
slug: 'markdown-post-template'
date: 'Dec 29, 2021'
duration: '2 min read'
keywords: ['markdown', 'CSS', 'template', 'tutorial']
excerpt: 'This article will provide a template for most future posts on this site. The goal is to make most posts look styling consistent. As a template, this section usually works an introduction, which explain what this post is about and how audience can get most out of it.'
isFeatured: true
imageSrc: '../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/cover.webp'
readMoreUrl: 'posts/markdown-post-template'
---

_This article will provide a template for most future posts on this site. The goal is to make most posts look styling consistent. As a template, this section usually works an introduction, which explain what this post is about and how audience can get most out of it._

**UPDATE 12/29/2021:** Initial post commit. Update will give audience the latest update of this post. What has been changed or what links has been added. For example, [an empty helpful link](https://www.example.com).

## Basic Syntax

This part lists the elements supported by all Markdown applications.

### 1. Headings

Usage: for post titles, subtitles.

## I am Heading 2

### No. I am Heading 3

### 2. Paragraph

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. **Some strong fonts.** Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### 3. Ordered List

1. Serrae enim Etruscam aquis
2. Et premis et flumine frontem minatur oppressos
3. Inquam rector Icarus possum vim tumulo propiusque

### 4. Unordered List

- Serrae enim Etruscam aquis
- Et premis et flumine frontem minatur oppressos
- Inquam rector Icarus possum vim tumulo propiusque

### 5. Blockquote

> You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. - Dr. Seuss

### 6. Footnote

Here's a sentence with a footnote. [^1]

[^1]: This is the footnote.

### 7. Code Snippet

Inline code example: `<inline code>`; Below is two language examples for code block:

```json
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "age": 25
}
```

```js
// THIS IS A COMMENT EXAMPLE
function createClassNameString(classNames) {
  return classNames.join(' ');
}
```

### 8. Link

Haec Praepes [Link Title](https://www.example.com), in egisse de. Caecisque termanus.

Munere in exhalat, ferre Sed [Another Link Title](https://www.example.com)

### 9. Image

Image: 100% width.

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**image caption**

Image groups

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
![image](../../documents/post/image/markdown-post-template/image-sample.webp)
**Image group**

### 10. Horizontal Rule

Usage: dividing certain sections.

---

## Extended Syntax

This part lists the elements which extend the basic syntax by adding more features. Note: some elements are not supported by certain Markdown applications.

### 1. Task list

- [ ] to do
- [x] done

### 2. Strikethrough

~~Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Some texts need to be strikethrough. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.~~

### 3. Table

| Syntax    | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| Header    | Title       |
| Paragraph | Text        |

Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
