public/documents/post/moon-village.md, before:

---
category: 'architecture'
title: 'Moon Village'
slug: 'moon-village'
date: 'Dec 29, 2021'
duration: 'X min read'
keywords: ['KEYWORD', 'KEYWORD', 'KEYWORD']
excerpt: 'I was honored to be selected as a part of the Moon Village research team while I worked for SOM. My role is to help the team to generate design concepts focusing on human-scale measurement and convey these key ideas through illustration'
isFeatured: false
imageSrc: '../../documents/post/image/moon-village/cover.webp'
readMoreUrl: 'posts/moon-village'
---

_This article will provide a template for most future posts on this site. The goal is to make most posts look styling consistent. As a template, this section usually works an introduction, which explain what this post is about and how audience can get most out of it._

**UPDATE 12/29/2021:** Initial post commit. Update will give audience the latest update of this post. What has been changed or what links has been added. For example, [an empty helpful link](https://www.example.com).

## Moon village research

Commit message:

Complete the rest arch posts

public/documents/post/moon-village.md, after:

---
category: 'architecture'
title: 'Moon Village'
slug: 'moon-village'
date: 'Spring, 2019'
duration: '3 min read'
keywords: ['moon', 'village', 'future']
excerpt: 'I was honored to be selected as a part of the Moon Village research team while I worked for SOM. My role is to help the team to generate design concepts focusing on human-scale measurement and convey these key ideas through illustration.'
isFeatured: false
imageSrc: '../../documents/post/image/moon-village/cover.webp'
readMoreUrl: 'posts/moon-village'
---

_I was honored to be selected as a part of the Moon Village research team while I worked for SOM. My role is to help the team to generate design concepts focusing on human-scale measurement and convey these key ideas through illustration._

**UPDATE 01/02/2022:** Review original post and make some narrating and formatting changes.

## Moon village research

![research-1](../../documents/post/image/moon-village/research-1.webp)
**Research 1**

![research-2](../../documents/post/image/moon-village/research-2.webp)
**Research 2**

![research-3](../../documents/post/image/moon-village/research-3.webp)
**Research 3**

![research-4](../../documents/post/image/moon-village/research-4.webp)
**Research 4**
