src/markdowns/thoughts-about-self-teaching-web-development.md, before:

_I share my thoughts about self-teaching web development in this post. It will be updated based on my learning progress._

**UPDATE 01/06/2022:** Finish initial post draft.

## Intro

I have delved myself into web development for almost a year. I would like to share some lessons I learned along the way.

## MOOC

MOOC, Massive open online course, has been the main resource I rely on during my study. Sometimes, I will feel lucky to live in this era. Because I can easily get things I want to learn. Internet is a treasure island if you take good advantage of it. MOOC is a part of it. Plus, learning web development from web itself is a natural and fun experience.

### Go with the trend

In order to build my foundation, I usually follow the trend and pick the courses. Read the reviews of other students and usually higher rating means course's quality. Usually foundation courses are all about the same content. Pick one and stick with it till the completion.

For specific library / framework, follow one course may not be enough. I will look other resources from Youtube. But I usually ask help from Youtube when I have specific questions in mind. I won't completely rely on Youtube. Paid courses are my priority. They usually have discount all year around.

### Keep a log

I always start a log before an online course. I will write down what is the basic information and main content of this course. This log also includes how I will complete this course and schedules. It works like a to-do-list.

I often share it on my personal website. I can always go back to it when I need to refresh some knowledge. Also, it is like a reminder informing me when and how to complete certain tasks.

## Find communities

Usually you can find online communities if you are enrolled in some online courses. I highly recommend those. You can find a lot like-minded people, who share the same goal and are willing to help.

Additionally, some communities post trivial questions frequently. It is a good time to test knowledge you learned from the course.

Also, Twitter is a good place to visit. I followed my instructors and community public account. And I get to know what are new trends and what technology has been updated. However, keep in mind: balance well with your study time and your social media time. Otherwise, it can easily chip away your time.

## Reading and listening

Books and podcasts are good supplement while learning web development. Though, I have to admit learning programing through reading books is hard and seems outdated. I find it helpful to sometimes switch the medium a bit. Mainly I choose product design topics as reading during my casual time.

Also, some theory books introduce how programming develops are a good choice. I will make a list of my readings sometime in the future.

I also recommend some podcasts to entertain your ears. A big advantage is to let your eyes away from the screen for a while. I followed podcasts, listen to some developer discussing tech trends or how they gossip about their jobs. Don't take them seriously. You still can pick up something useful along the way, like tech terminologies.

## Practice, practice, practice

Almost all the course I have taken, the instructor will tell us start with projects. I strongly agree with it. And I follow this way. Usually, good online courses will structure in this way, projects based. Every section comes with a side project.

When you are totally new in a field, you can follow a project-based tutorial. Having a feeling of what it is like in real world can prepare you earlier for future work. And I believe it is the best way to not only learn new knowledge, but also to implement the knowledge of what you just learned.

After you gain some experience or you believe you have be equipped with a solid foundation, you can start to think about your own project or somethings you wish could exist before starting the tutorial. I started to implement this method after a couple of month into web development. I remember how excited I am every morning to think about what new features will be added to my project. The development of projects encourage you to keep up with the tutorial also explore more potential how to make your projects better and different.

It will be challenging during the progress. You will face a lot of puzzles and frustration. But don't forget to get help from the internet and online communities. The moments you figured out something, you will be so happy to see your growth.

## Sleep enough and be consistent

The last two advice are about sleep and consistency. I am prepared to be a life-time learner. And I know learning web development is all about mental efforts. Make sure to have enough sleep. Get stuck in one problem is pretty common. It is ok to get stuck and don't take it personally. Sometimes, a good sleep is the cure. And you will feel refresh after a good sleep, and problem probably will be solved all of sudden.

Also, don't get frustrated by not solving a problem. Maybe the intention is wrong or the original methodology is problematic. Keep it in mind: the world is always running. Get some fresh air.

Last but not least, be consistent. It is also a reminder for myself. A lot of times, I would burn myself out and feel overwhelmed. It often ends up with giving up. Hard working is appreciated but please also learn how to work smart. Work could be very complex. Try to dive it into bitable chunks and finish each small piece everyday. Keep it a habit and work it out slowly. Be consistent. Keep a log. Even it takes months, years. Remember you will get there someday. It is only a matter of time.

Commit message:

Revise post: thoughts about self-teaching

src/markdowns/thoughts-about-self-teaching-web-development.md, after:

_I share my thoughts about self-teaching web development in this post. It will be updated based on my learning progress._

**UPDATE 02/07/2022:** Revise content.

## Intro

I have delved myself into web development for almost a year. I would like to share some lessons I learned along the way.

## MOOC

MOOC, Massive open online course, has been the main resource I rely on during my study. I feel lucky to live in this era. Because I can easily get things I want to learn. Internet is a treasure island if you take good advantage of it. MOOC is a part of it. Plus, learning web development from web itself is a natural and fun experience.

### Go with the trend

In order to build my foundation, I usually follow the trend and pick the courses. Read the reviews of other students and usually higher rating means course's quality. Usually foundation courses are all about the same content. Pick one and stick with it till the completion.

For specific library / framework, follow one course may not be enough. I will look other resources from Youtube. But I usually ask help from Youtube when I have specific questions in mind. I won't completely rely on Youtube. Paid courses are my priority. They usually have discount all year around.

### Keep a log

I always start a log before an online course. I will write down what is the basic information and main content of this course. This log also includes how I will complete this course and schedules. It works like a to-do-list.

I often share it on my personal website. I can always go back to it when I need to refresh some knowledge. Also, it is like a reminder informing me when and how to complete certain tasks.

## Find communities

Usually you can find online communities if you are enrolled in some online courses. I highly recommend those. You can find a lot like-minded people, who share the same goal and are willing to help.

Additionally, some communities post trivial questions frequently. It is a good time to test knowledge you learned from the course.

Also, Twitter is a good place to visit. I followed my instructors and community public account. And I get to know what are trending now and what technology has been updated. However, keep in mind: balance well with your study time and your social media time. Otherwise, it can easily chip away your time.

## Reading and listening

Books and podcasts are good supplement while learning web development. Though, I have to admit learning programing through reading books is hard and seems outdated. I find it helpful to sometimes switch the medium a bit. Mainly I choose product design topics as reading in my spare time.

Also, some theory books introduce how programming develops are a good choice. I will make a list of my readings sometime in the future.

I also recommend some podcasts to entertain your ears. A big advantage is to let your eyes away from the screen for a while. I followed podcasts, listen to some developer discussing tech trends or how they gossip about their jobs. Don't take them seriously. You still can pick up something useful along the way, like tech terminologies.

## Practice, practice, practice

Almost all the course I have taken, the instructor will tell us start with projects. I strongly agree with it. And I follow this way. Usually, good online courses will structure in this way, projects based. Every section comes with a side project.

When you are totally new in a field, you can follow a project-based tutorial. Having a feeling of what it is like in real world can prepare you earlier for future work. And I believe it is the best way to not only learn new knowledge, but also to implement the knowledge of what you just learned.

After you gain some experience or you believe you have be equipped with a solid foundation, you can start to think about your own project or somethings you wish could exist before starting the tutorial. I started to implement this method after a couple of month into web development. I remember how excited I am every morning to think about what new features will be added to my project. The development of projects encourage you to keep up with the tutorial also explore more potential how to make your projects better and different.

It will be challenging during the progress. You will face a lot of puzzles and frustration. But don't forget to get help from the internet and online communities. The moments you figured out something, you will be so happy to see your growth.

## Sleep enough and be consistent

The last two advice are about sleep and consistency. I am prepared to be a life-time learner. And I know learning web development is all about mental efforts. Make sure to have enough sleep. Get stuck in one problem is pretty common. It is ok to get stuck and don't take it personally. Sometimes, a good sleep is the cure. And you will feel refresh after a good sleep, and problem probably will be solved all of sudden.

Also, don't get frustrated by not solving a problem. Maybe the intention is wrong or the original methodology is problematic. Keep it in mind: the world is always running. Get some fresh air.

Last but not least, be consistent. It is also a reminder for myself. A lot of times, I would burn myself out and feel overwhelmed. It often ends up with giving up. Hard working is appreciated but please also learn how to work smart. Work could be very complex. Try to dive it into bitable chunks and finish each small piece everyday. Keep it a habit and work it out slowly. Be consistent. Keep a log. Even it takes months, years. Remember you will get there someday. It is only a matter of time.
